Overview
In this assignment, you will add the ability to insert and update categories, including the necessary model and controller functions, routes, and views.

New Features
For this assignment you will need to add the following features to your application:

Page for inserting new categories
Page for editing existing categories
This will also require you to create the model and controller functions necessary to support these features.

Instructions
Follow these steps to complete the assignment:

Implement the Create New Category page and functionality
This page should be fairly simple, because it only needs to include the category name.
Implement the Edit Category page and functionality.
This page should be fairly simple, because it only needs to include the category name.
Add client-side validation and server side validation for your create and edit category pages.
For client-side validation ensure that the category name is present and has a max length of 100 characters.
For server-side validation ensure that the category name is present and has a max length of 100 characters and also has a minimum length of 3 characters.
(Do not add the minimum length validation to the client side so that you can test your server-side validation.)
Requirements
Your assignment must implement the following requirements:

Learning and Team Activity Features: Organization and Project pages (including model and controller functions) are functional, as defined in the Learning Activities and the Team Activity. Specifically:
Create New Organization page and functionality works correctly.
Edit Organization page and functionality works correctly.
Create New Service Project page and functionality works correctly.
Edit Service Project page and functionality works correctly.
Client-side and server-side validation for create and edit organization and service project pages is implemented and works correctly.
Create Categories: The create category page (including model and controller functions) is functional, as defined in the Assignment instructions. Specifically:
The create category view is rendered for the /new-category route.
The create category form contains the necessary fields and client-side validation.
The server correctly processes the create category form using a POST route to the /new-category route.
The server contains the necessary server-side validation for the create category form.
The controller and model functions are implemented correctly to handle the creation of categories.
Edit Categories: The edit category page (including model and controller functions) is functional, as defined in the Assignment instructions. Specifically:
The edit category view is rendered for the /edit-category/:id route.
The edit category form is pre-populated with the existing category data and contains the necessary fields and client-side validation.
The server correctly processes the edit category form using a POST route to the /edit-category/:id route.
The server contains the necessary server-side validation for the edit category form.
The controller and model functions are implemented correctly to handle the updating of categories.
Code Organization and Adherence to Pattern: All Node.js functions follow the Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern and are in the appropriate files.
Model functions (database code) are in the appropriate model files.
Controller functions contain no database code and focus on preparing data for the views.
Routes are defined in the appropriate route file, not the server.js file. They use the controllers functions defined in the separate controller files.
All files and functions follow the naming conventions demonstrated in the learning activities.
Deployment and Professional style: The application is deployed and looks professional.
The application is deployed and fully functional on the hosting server.
The CSS used for the application provides a professional appearance that adheres to accessibility standards.